A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
COME WITH ME - V
[Jack panting heavily]
[Jack grunts]
-[Jack grunts]
-[Szish groans]
Hey!
[choking grunt]
-[footsteps]
-He got away.
[Elrion panting]
Kirtash, listen...
[catching breath]
I have reason to believe
that the renegade boy
has made it into the castle.
-He's disguised as a Szish.
-I hadn't noticed.
[Szishes snarling]
[Shail and Victoria grunt]
[Szish yelps]
[Victoria grunting]
[Szish hisses]
-[Victoria grunts]
-[Szish moans]
[Shail grunts]
Where are they all coming from?
There are fewer than it seems. [grunts]
-It's an illusion.
-You mean, they aren't real?
-[Szishes snarl]
-Some of them are, but not all.
-[Szishes groan]
-And how can we tell them apart?
-No, Vic, we can't. [grunts]
[Szishes snarling]
[Victoria yells]
[Szishes hissing]
[Shail groans]
[Szishes snarling]
[Victoria grunts]
[Szishes hissing and snarling]
We should find a better place
to launch our counterattack.
Got it.
[Victoria grunts]
[both panting]
There! Quickly!
-Up we go! [groans]
-[Victoria panting]
It won't take them long to find us.
This isn't a great hiding place, Shail.
-Don't you think?
-Wait. It will be now.
[wind gusting]
[Jack] Hey.
I'm looking for the prisoner,
the renegade prince. [hisses]
Why are you looking for him?
[Jack] Mmm... Well, because...
Because Elrion the magician
has some matters to discuss with him.
Why didn't he come
looking for him himself?
[Jack] Mmm... Eh...
Mmm?
Hey! Hold on!
Hey! Wait. First, we need to report this.
We have to find Kirtash
and tell him that--
[Kirtash] It's not necessary.
-[footsteps]
-[Szish] Hmm?
I'm already here. I'll take care of it.
[Jack whispers] Alsan.
Where are you?
-[Jack grunts]
-[Alsan] Quiet, Jack! It's me.
[Jack gasping]
Alsan!
Is that really you?
Can't you see me, boy?
Come on, open the door.
But what happened to you?
[Alsan]
Don't waste time with silly questions!
You've come to rescue me, haven't you?
What else would you be doing here,
disguised as a serpent?
[footsteps approaching]
-[Jack yells]
-[Alsan and creature groan]
[both growling]
[growls]
[groans]
-Alsan!
-[Alsan growls]
Let's get out of here!
[both panting]
[Elrion] Kirtash, what's going on?
[panting]
[Elrion gasps softly]
[ice crunching]
-[gasps]
-Summon all of the warriors to the exits.
I don't want them to get away.
[Shail] What do you see?
[Victoria] The guards are forming
a ring around the castle.
Hmm, then they already know Jack is inside
and they want to prevent him from leaving.
[Victoria] Oh, no!
[Shail] Hmm?
[both breathing heavily]
Victoria, stay here and protect the staff.
If Kirtash gets hold of it,
it will be the end for all of us.
[Shail grunts]
Where do you think you're going,
warm-blood?
[hisses]
A Szish... magician?
[hissing] You seem surprised, boy.
[hisses]
Give me the staff and the girl.
[grunts] You'll have to kill me first.
[Szish] So be it.
[snarls]
Let's see what you can do.
[screaming]
Shail!
[Shail moaning]
[Victoria grunts]
Look who we have here...
the very human girl
that I was looking for.
-[Alsan grunting]
-[Szishes groaning]
[snarling and hissing]
[Szishes gasping and groaning]
I hope you have a good plan
to get us out of here.
[Jack] Mmm, no, well, actually... I...
What's going on? Hmm?
Nothing good, kid.
Let's get out of here right away.
[Alsan panting]
[Jack panting]
What kind of place is this?
What are we doing here?
I had to get my sword back.
[somber music playing]
[Alsan sighs]
[Alsan]
Sacred Irial, what am I turning into?
Alsan, what have they done to you?
They have turned me into a monster.
Don't worry,
I'm sure Shail can reverse it.
No.
I'm the result of a spell that went wrong
that only Ashran the Necromancer
has been able to perform successfully.
Mmm... [sighs]
Are you going to turn to him for help?
[Alsan growls]
I wouldn't hold it against you, Alsan,
if you decide to join him...
Never!
[Victoria grunts]
[hissing]
[Szish groans]
-[icy wind blows]
-[Victoria gasps]
[Kirtash] You learn fast.
[Victoria gasping]
[Kirtash] You have had the staff for a day
and you already know how to control it.
[Victoria]
You'll have to take it from me by force!
[gasps] Don't hide!
Show yourself!
[both grunt]
[Victoria groaning]
[panting] Oh, no.
[Victoria gasps]
[Jack] How are we going to escape?
All of the exits are being watched.
[Alsan] Not all of them.
I have an idea. Come on, follow me.
[both panting]
[breathless] What are you up to?
Hey!
-Alsan, what are you doing?
-You'll see. Hold on tight.
-[Alsan grunts]
-[Jack murmurs nervously]
[Jack screaming]
[Alsan grunts]
[gasps] Wow! It was almost like flying!
Go find Shail and Victoria.
I'll catch up with you soon. Move it!
No way. I'm not leaving you behind again.
Do as I say!
It's better to stand up to them
than to turn your back on them.
[snarling and hissing]
[Szish groans]
-[Alsan grunts]
-[Szish groans]
[grunting and groaning]
Hmm...
I have to kill you, Victoria.
You know that, right?
[Victoria sobs]
But you shouldn't die.
Enough.
Either kill me or let me go...
but don't do this to me.
[continues sobbing]
[Victoria sighs]
I could let you go.
Well, then do it.
Victoria, if you stay in the Resistance,
you will die,
you can be very sure of that.
The best thing you can do is give up
and you know it.
No.
Well, don't cross my path again, girl,
because next time,
I will have to kill you.
[sighs]
But there could be another way.
Come with me.
What...?
If you are by my side,
you will be my empress,
and together, we will rule Idhun.
You're toying with me, aren't you?
Why would I do that?
You're trying to confuse me.
You are already very confused, Victoria.
But I could show you...
things you can't even imagine.
Why?
Because you and I aren't that different
and you'll see that soon enough.
That's not true!
I'm not like you!
Don't kid yourself, Victoria.
We are two sides of the same coin.
I exist because you exist as well.
And vice versa, kid.
[Elrion groans]
[Shail moaning]
[Shail gasps]
Oh, no.
[Elrion]
Are you going to kill her or should I?
-[Victoria gasps]
-Elrion, what are you doing here?
[Elrion grunts]
Wait!
Huh? Watch out, Vic!
[Elrion grunts]
[Shail grunts]
[Victoria] No!
[Shail screaming and groaning]
[screams in agony]
[Victoria gasps]
[sobbing]
I don't know
what game you're playing, Kirtash,
but I assure you
that Ashran isn't going to like it.
If I didn't know you so well,
I'd think you're betraying--
[gasps]
[groaning]
[gasping for air]
-[he groans]
-[ice crunching]
I'm going to kill you!
I'm sorry, Victoria.
You know I tried to avoid this.
I know nothing of the sort!
Shut up and fight, once and for all!
As you wish.
[both grunt]
-[Victoria yelps]
-That's enough.
We will see each other again, Victoria.
[Victoria sobs]
Shail! Victoria! [panting]
Good thing you're all right.
I thought... [panting]
-Huh?
-[Victoria sobbing]
[Jack] You guys killed the magician?
[Victoria sobs] Not us... it was Kirtash.
Kirtash killed his own magician?
[wails] Shail died to save my life!
[continues sobbing]
-[wolf howl]
-[Victoria gasps]
What was that?
It's Alsan.
Alsan?
[Alsan panting]
[Szishes snarling and hissing]
-[Alsan] Come on, let's get out of here!
-[Victoria] What?
There's no time!
Call the Soul and get us out of here!
-[Szishes snarling]
-[Victoria grunts]
-[loud boom]
-[Szishes hissing]
-[Alsan grunting]
-[loud banging]
[Alsan growls]
-[Alsan grunts]
-[loud bang]
[yawns]
[sighs]
How is Alsan?
Much worse.
He has to be worn out,
but he's still so furious
that he won't even let me in.
You look exhausted, too.
Go rest a little... I'll take over.
I can't, I have to watch him
because it's my responsibility.
It's not your fault
that Elrion turned him into this.
[Victoria sighs]
[sighs] Tell me...
what are we going to do
if Alsan doesn't recover?
[groans] He will recover...
make no mistake about it.
Whatever you say.
He may not look like it,
but he's still Alsan,
and I'm sure he will fight to the end.
As long as he's with us,
the Resistance lives.
No, Jack. You don't understand.
We have already lost!
The Resistance is finished!
I'm tired of fighting.
I've already lost Shail
and I don't want to lose anyone else.
-[Victoria] Is it really worth it?
-[Alsan growls softly]
Of course it is!
I have to keep fighting, for my parents.
Jack...
Elrion killed your parents,
and he killed Shail as well,
but now he's dead.
What more do you want to do?
They aren't coming back.
[Jack] If you want to give up, I get it...
but I don't have a choice...
[Alsan growls softly]
[Jack] ...because I have nothing left.
Kirtash has taken
absolutely everything from me.
I no longer have a family
or a home to go to outside of Limbhad.
Don't say that. It's not true, Jack.
My house is still safe.
If I speak to my grandmother,
I'm sure she will let you stay with us.
Thanks, but...
I don't want to put you in danger.
Kirtash found me once,
and if he finds me again...
Come on, get some sleep.
I'll stay.
-All right?
-Okay, fine.
-But call me if anything happens, okay?
-[Victoria] Yes.
Yes, don't worry.
[Victoria sighs]
[Alsan] Victoria?
Alsan? How are you feeling?
You have to get me out of here, Victoria.
You must let me go right now.
What are you talking about?
That's impossible.
Where are you going to go like that?
I don't care. Anywhere, far from here.
I can't control the beast.
I know that if I stay in Limbhad,
sooner or later I'll kill you both.
You...
and Jack!
You know that it's true
and that you have to let me go.
[Victoria sighs]
[Victoria] We still have time.
You won't change your mind?
[sighs]
All right.
Think of a place
where you would like to go.
[Alsan] Mmm...
Thank you, Victoria.
[Jack] What?
No! Please!
Alsan!
Why did you do it, Victoria?
Because he asked me to.
Well, you shouldn't have listened to him!
He's not fully human anymore, Victoria.
He's not.
Imagine what they could do to him
in our world if they find him.
I'm going to get him.
But we don't know where he went.
He didn't want to tell me.
[grunts] I don't care!
Wherever he went,
I'll find him and bring him back.
And then how will you return to Limbhad
without Shail or me to bring you back?
I don't know, but I'll find the way.
The only thing I know for sure
is that I can't turn my back on him.
But you can turn it on me, right?
What are you saying?
He's in trouble and he needs me,
and you don't.
[both sigh]
[softly] Or... or do you need me?
No, you're right. I don't need you.
All right.
Then, I guess
there's nothing else to discuss.
I'm going to get my things ready.
[man] Kirtash... what happened?
Where is Elrion?
He made yet another mistake
and I had to get rid of him.
I hope you know how difficult it is for me
to find magicians
that meet with all of your demands.
I'm sorry, my Lord.
But Elrion was not up to the mission.
It requires adaptability, discretion,
and, above all, absolute obedience.
[Ashran] I understand.
Have you crushed the Resistance yet?
[Kirtash] Yes, my Lord.
They no longer have a magician
and the prince of Vanissar
is now an incomplete hybrid
and in no position to lead them.
Eh...
Did you say "an incomplete hybrid?"
Another failed attempt by Elrion
to emulate your greatness.
Of course, it went wrong.
Now, Alsan of Vanissar
is nothing more than a beast.
I might have known.
And what of the others?
They are just two kids, my Lord.
But they escaped?
My Lord, the girl had the Staff of Ayshel.
She will lead me to the unicorn.
As for the other, Jack, I'll find him
and kill him if that is what you want.
It will be done if it is what you desire.
[Ashran] No.
It's more urgent
to find the dragon and the unicorn
to avoid the prophecy being fulfilled.
But if he crosses your path again...
I will show no mercy if we meet again.
Choose your destination
and come to the sphere.
The Soul and I will do the rest.
I will return with Alsan, I promise,
and we'll get the Resistance
back on track.
The Resistance
doesn't exist anymore, Jack.
I won't give up.
I'm going to kill Kirtash
even if it's the last thing I do.
It's funny how your enemies matter to you
more than your friends, Jack.
How can you say that?
If I'm going to look for Alsan,
it's because...
-because I care about him.
-[she gasps]
It's you who let him leave.
And it's you
who doesn't seem to care at all!
[Jack gasps]
Leave here
and don't ever come back.
But... [sighs]
Victoria...
[sobbing]
[car approaching]
-[wolf howling]
-[dog snarls and barks]
[dogs barking in the distance]
[school bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
Wait, Victoria.
Is everything all right at home?
Recently, you seem a little sad.
Yes, it's just that...
I lost a very good friend in an accident.
He was in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
Oh, Victoria, I'm very sorry.
Your grandmother didn't tell me.
She didn't know him.
Anyway, it's normal to be sad, isn't it?
It will pass with time.
Don't worry.
Well...
if you need to talk, you know where I am.
[Victoria] I failed you...
[pained] I failed you, Shail.
I don't know how to find Lunnaris,
but I swear I'll do it,
for you...
even if I have to carry on by myself.
[sniffling]
And if I cross paths with Kirtash again,
I won't let him confuse me again.
If Jack hasn't finished him off,
I will, and I will avenge you.
[Kirtash] I finally found you, Victoria,
and now, no one will stop me
from getting to you.
[dramatic music playing]
[ethereal music playing]